<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="plugin_settings">
    <title>Plugin Settings</title>
    <shortdesc>Overview of all the configurable plugin settings.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author type="contributor">Pablo Klaschka</author>
        <critdates>
            <!--Pablo Klaschka-->
            <revised modified="2021-03-07"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <properties id="properties_uhk_psn_w4b">
            <prophead>
                <proptypehd>Setting</proptypehd>
                <propvaluehd>Details</propvaluehd>
                <propdeschd>Description</propdeschd>
            </prophead>
            <property>
                <proptype>Name</proptype>
                <propvalue>optional</propvalue>
                <propdesc>Your name. Doesn't have to be the real one. Can also be blank, in which
                    case, you'll be chatting as <q>Anonymous</q>. Your co-workers will thank you, if
                    you give a name, though, and doesn't reach external servers, anyways.</propdesc>
            </property>
            <property>
                <proptype>Gravatar E-Mail Address</proptype>
                <propvalue>optional</propvalue>
                <propdesc>Your email address registered with the Gravatar service. If you enter it,
                    it will get saved in each document you write a message in. Enables co-workers
                    to, if enabled on their end, see a profile picture in your messages.</propdesc>
            </property>
            <property>
                <proptype>Use Gravatar avatars</proptype>
                <propvalue>yes or no, no by default</propvalue>
                <propdesc>If enabled, the plugin will load profile pictures from Gravatar for the
                    messages you see and display them <b>to you</b> (when you have an internet
                    connection). This, for technical reasons, requires sending some data (no message
                    contents or anything like that) to the service providers of Gravatar. As this
                    feature is nice-to have, but may be a privacy concern for you, it's purely
                    opt-in (meaning turned off by default).</propdesc>
            </property>
        </properties>
    </refbody>
</reference>
